"It's a win-win situation - If you say this, no one has won anything."
"Think outside the box - This uncreative saying means you're already stuck inside said box."
"Grab the low-hanging fruit - This one is a no. "
"In today's world - It means now. Say now."
"Push the envelope - There is no special envelope to push. I swear."
"Drink the Kool-Aid - This was a tragedy. More than 900 people died when cult leader Jim Jones convinced them to drink poisoned Kool-Aid. Quit talking about it as if it's a good thing."
"Value-added - What, are we grocery shopping? This one is tiring to hear."
"Let's take this offline - This was creative once upon a time. It's not anymore."
"Take it to the next level - Am I the only one picturing Super Mario Bros?"
"Actionable - It's great to figure out what's important in a meeting. But can't we just say that? Or are we looking for exponential returns? See? Buzzwords lead to more buzzwords."
"I don't have the bandwidth - This one is overused. I'm guilty of overusing it. We all are. Let's give it a rest. "
"Put a pin in it - Stop using it. Please. Instead, say that you'll do it later."
"Step up to the plate - Oh, the sports metaphors. They'll never die."
"Breaking down silos - This one is popular in government. Those silos. Are they full of grain?"
"Paradigm shift - This one quickly became overused after several books were published with the phrase in the title."
"Going forward - This means next. Say next."
"Put it in the pipeline - Would that be the Alaskan version?"
"Get granular - Oh, just stop saying this. I picture grains of sugar and salt. "
"Run it up the flagpole - Proof that some phrases never die."
"Put your ducks in a row - Those who are easily distracted can't hear this without picturing momma ducks and their ducklings. Sitting in a row next to the grains of salt by the Alaskan pipeline."
"My door is always open - Anyone who says this usually means anything but."
"Pick your brain - This one has a rather zombie-like appeal."
"Burning the candle at both ends - How about just say that you're working hard?"
"Earning your chops - I've seen far too many resumes with this phrase lately. Better to leave off the cliches when attempting to land a job in a creative field."
"Teamwork makes the dream work - At least this one is funny. But it would be hard to hear in a meeting without laughing out loud."
"Failure is not an option - You'll feel like you're starring with Ed Harris in Apollo 13 if you hear this line."
"It is what it is - Much too flippant to say in a business meeting. Only say this around your friends."
"The data never lies - The data never lies, but your colleagues will be annoyed if you say this to them."
"Literally - Avoid this word. It is overused and is rarely used correctly. Anyone with an English degree will be secretly rolling their eyes at you."
